Stop talking nonsense, Gu Qingqing
Since you have so many means
These hundreds of thousands of meal money are always easy
Or do you not want to stay at Yan's Group at all?
Work with us
Is that okay?
As long as you admit that you are not an employee of Anorexia Group
Before this meal
Of course I want to stay in the company where I come from
Then hurry up and check out.
Let's see.
Your sincerity
I said, why is Gu Nuannuan suddenly so kind?
Treat to a feast
It was waiting for me here
If I don't check out, I'll be sincere
I don't want to stay in the company
He has reason to be fired
But I don't have that kind of money.
Hurry up, I'll go back to the company to work overtime
kiss
You can afford millions of clothes.
Then there must be money to pay for it.
i
I have no money, no money, you can buy limited edition clothes
And limited edition bags.
Who are you kidding?
Wu Qingqing, if you don't want to check out
Find a decent reason
Manager 102 box, someone eats Overlord meal
Who wants to eat Overlord's meal?